Update 0.10.0 docs & refactor docs structure (#167)
furiosa-ai/furiosa-models: docs/model_object.md

# Model object

In the `furiosa-models` project, the `Model` is the primary class object, representing a neural network model. This document elucidates the offerings and uses of the [`Model`][furiosa.models.types.Model] object.

## Loading a pre-trained model

To load a pre-trained neural network model, you need to invoke the `Model` object.
As the sizes of pre-trained model weights can range from tens to hundreds of megabytes,
the model images are not included in the Python package. The first time the model object is called,
a pre-trained model will be fetched over the network. This process takes some time,
typically a few seconds, depending on the models and network conditions.
Once the model images are fetched, they will be cached on your local disk.

=== "Load module"
    ```python
    --8<-- "docs/examples/loading_model.py"
    ```

<a name="accessing_artifacts_and_metadata"></a>

## Accessing artifacts and metadata

A Model object encompasses model artifacts, such as ONNX, TFLite, mapping from a tensor name to the tensor's min and max, and ENF.

> The ENF format is specific to the FuriosaAI Compiler.

Author: Applied in f771d98

Once you have the ENF file, you can reuse it to skip the compilation process, which can take up to several minutes.
You can acquire the ENF binary from the model_source() method.
In addition, a Model object contains various metadata attributes.

::: furiosa.models.types.Model
    options:
        show_root_heading: true
        heading_level: 4
        show_source: false

## Inferencing with Runner API

> To create a Runner, pass the ENF binary obtained from the `model_source()` method of the model object to the `furiosa.runtime.sync.create_runner` function. If you prefer an asynchronous Runner, you can use the `furiosa.runtime.create_runner` function instead. Passing the pre-compiled ENF binary allows you to perform inference directly without the compilation process. Alternatively, you can also manually quantize and compile the original f32 model with the provided calibration range.

Author: Applied in f771d98

    * [Python SDK Installation and User Guide](https://furiosa-ai.github.io/docs/latest/en/software/python-sdk.html)
    * [Furiosa SDK - Tutorial and Code Examples](https://furiosa-ai.github.io/docs/latest/en/software/tutorials.html)

Passing `Model.origin` to `create_runner()` allows users to start from source models in ONNX or tflite and customize models to their specific use-cases. This customization includes options such as specifying batch sizes and compiler configurations for optimization purposes. For additional information on Model.origin, please refer to [Accessing artifacts and metadata](#accessing_artifacts_and_metadata).

To work with f32 source models, calibration and quantization are essential steps.
You can access pre-calibrated data directly from furiosa-models, simplifying the quantization process.

> If you prefer manual quantization of the model, you can install the `furiosa-quantizer` package, available at this [package link](https://furiosa-ai.github.io/docs/latest/en/software/python-sdk.html#quantizer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer a manual quantization step for a model, you can install the `furiosa-quantizer` package, available at this [package link](https://furiosa-ai.github.io/docs/latest/en/software/python-sdk.html#quantizer).
```

Author: Applied in f771d98
